# OVERVIEW

The goal is to separate the following:
- UI components
- Application logics
- Client state
- API communication

## Folder Structure


public/
- actions/
- components/
- controllers/
- i18n-l10n/
- img/
- manifest/
- pages/
- state/
- utils/

## Roles

### actions/
this folder contains the apiClient and usersActions. Its responsibilities are to communicate with server API, updating state

### components/
this folder contains the custom web components like user-create and user-delete. It is responsible for handling user interaction, and rendeirng UI.

### controllers/ 
this folder constains the controller for each view of the app, for example are:
 - chapterApp.mjs
    - Handles viewing a single chapter.
    - It fetches chapter data and displays the content

 - createStoryApp.mjs
    - This handles creating a new story
    - This sends form data to the API and redirect to editor

 - editorApp.mjs
    - This handles writing and editing chapters
    - this creates and updates using the API
 - loginApp.mjs
    - The reason for making another entry point is so that i can separate user-related features from the main app features. User creation and account management are handled in loginApp.mjs while storyBuilderApp.mjs is for collaborative story functionality.

 - readerApp.mjs
    - this handles reading a story
    - this displays story details and list of chapters

 - storyBuilderApp.mjs
    - It is responsible for rendering the main UI, wiring components together andstarting the application.


### i18n-l10n/
this folder contains the translation files used by the frontend.

Examples:
* en.json
* no.json

### state/
this folder contains userState. its responsibilities are storing client-side user data.

### pages/
this folder contains all html files.

### utils/
contains the utility functions used by frontend.

currently have:
- transalate.mjs: this module gives translation functions for the frontend.
